.\" Created from Texinfo source by yat2m 1.56
.TH GPG-ERROR-CONFIG 1 2025-10-27 "Libgpg-error 1.56" "GnuPG"
.SH NAME
.B gpg-error-config
\- Script to get information about the installed version of libgpg-error
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  gpg-error-config
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgpg\-error\-config\fP is a tool that is used to configure to
determine the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile
and link programs that use Libgpg-error.

This tool is now obsolete.  Instead, please use pkg-config with
gpg-error.pc for your new program, or use gpg-error.m4 which uses
gpgrt-config and gpg-error.pc internally.

.SH OPTIONS

\fBgpg\-error\-config\fP accepts the following options:


.TP
.B   \-\-mt
Provide output appropriate for multithreaded programs.  \fB\-\-mt\fP
is only useful when combined with other options, and must be the first
option if present.

.TP
.B  \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of Libgpg-error on the
standard output.

.TP
.B  \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a program using
Libgpg-error.

.TP
.B  \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using
Libgpg-error.

.TP
.B  \-\-prefix=\fIprefix\fP
If specified, use \fIprefix\fP instead of the installation prefix that
Libgpg-error was built with when computing the output for the
\fB\-\-cflags\fP and \fB\-\-libs\fP options.  This option is also
used for the exec prefix if \fB\-\-exec\-prefix\fP was not specified.
This option must be specified before any \fB\-\-libs\fP or
\fB\-\-cflags\fP options.

.TP
.B  \-\-exec\-prefix=\fIprefix\fP
If specified, use \fIprefix\fP instead of the installation exec prefix
that Libgpg-error was built with when computing the output for the
\fB\-\-cflags\fP and \fB\-\-libs\fP options.  This option must be
specified before any \fB\-\-libs\fP or \fB\-\-cflags\fP options.

.P

